Update README.md on fresh start (#646)
guytepper/better-rail: README.md

- Fork the repo and clone it to your machine.
- Run `bun install`.
- Run `bun start` to start the development server.

> - Run `cp -v GoogleService-Info{.development,}.plist && cp -v google-services{.development,}.json`

Reviewer: We won't need that once #649 is merged

Reviewer: pardon, we'd actually need google-services.json for the FCM setup

> - Run the app with:
>   - `bun prebuild --platform ios && bun ios` (to open the iPhone simulator)
>   - `bun prebuild --platform android && bun android` (for the Android emulator).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run the app with:
  - `bun prebuild` - run this once, then whenever a native library changes
  - `bun ios / bun android` - to create iOS / Android builds
  - `bun start` - for when you already have a working build and want to start the dev client server.
```
